---
layout: default
title: WebKitGTK+ 2.3.3 released!
---

This is a development release leading toward 2.4 series.

### What's new in the WebKitGTK+ 2.3.3 release?

 - Initial Network Process support disabled by default.
 - CSS regions are now enabled by default.
 - Support right-side attachment of the inspector in WebKit2.
 - Add spatial navigation setting to WebKit2 GTK+ API.
 - Add media source setting to both WebKit1 and WebKit2.
 - Support custom types for drag and drop data.
 - Avoid extra copy when drawing images in cairo backend.
 - Fix scrolling in combo boxes when the dropdown menu is larger than
   the screen.
 - Render AC layers also when using GTK+ 2 in WebKit1.
 - Fix return value of webkit_web_view_get_view_source_mode() in
   WebKit1.
 - Emit stream-start, caps and segment events in webkitwebaudiosrc
   element.
 - Fix seeking on media content provided by servers not supporting
   range requests.
 - Fix a crash when using media source in GStreamer media backend.
 - Fix an X11 error when the backing store surface is destroyed.
 - Expose splitter elements with ATK_ROLE_SEPARATOR to accessibility.
 - Expose accessibility objects WAI-ARIA landmark roles.
 - Expose accessibility objects with ATK_ROLE_ARTICLE.
 - Expose accessibility objects with ATK_ROLE_CHECK_MENU_ITEM.
 - Remove support for GStreamer 0.10.
 - Memory leak due to incorrect use of gst_tag_list_merge in
   TextCombinerGStreamer.
 - Translation updates: Brazilian Portuguese.

Thanks to all the contributors who made possible this release.
