---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK+ 2.5.1 released!
---

This is the first development release leading toward 2.6 series.

### What's new in the WebKitGTK+ 2.5.1 release?

 - WebKit1 API has been removed.
 - Binary version bump to make WebKit1 and WebKit2 parallel installable.
 - Switch to CMake build system.
 - The WebKitWebView::create signal now receives a WebKitNavigationAction
   with information about the navigation action that triggered the signal.
 - WebKitWebViewGroup has been removed from the API and WebKitUserContentManager
   has been added to handle user stylesheets.
 - WebKitCertificateInfo has also been removed. WebKitWebView::load-failed-with-tls-errors
   signal now receives a GTlsCertificate and GTlsCertificateFlags, and
   webkit_web_context_allow_tls_certificate_for_host() receives a GTlsCertificate.
 - The view mode API (webkit_web_view_set_view_mode() and webkit_web_view_get_view_mode())
   has been removed, since WebCore doesn't support view source mode anymore.
 - The DOM bindings API has been split into stable and unstable parts,
   and all deprecated methods have been removed. The stable part will
   keep API/ABI backwards compatibility, while the unstable part might change.
 - Add API to load arbitrary data optionally giving the encoding and MIME Type.
 - Add support for plugins using GTK+ 3.
 - Add HighDPI support for non-accelerated compositing contents.
 - Use a different user agent string depending on the site.

Thanks to all the contributors who made possible this release.
