---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK+ 2.10.5 released!
---

This is a bug fix release in the stable 2.10 series.

### What's new in the WebKitGTK+ 2.10.5 release?

 - Disable DNS prefetch when a proxy is configured.
 - Reduce the maximum simultaneous network connections to match other browsers.
 - Make WebKitWebView always propagate motion-notify-event signal.
 - Add a way to force accelerating compositing mode at runtime using an environment variable.
 - Fix input elements and scrollbars rendering with GTK+ 3.19.
 - Fix rendering of lines when using solid colors.
 - Fix UI process crashes related to not having a main resource response when the load is
   committed for pages restored from the history cache.
 - Fix a WebProcess crash when loading large contents with custom URI schemes API.
 - Fix a crash in the UI process when the WebView is destroyed while the screensaver DBus proxy
   is being created.
 - Fix WebProcess crashes due to BadDrawable X errors in accelerated compositing mode.
 - Fix crashes on PPC64 due to mprotect() on address not aligned to the page size.
 - Fix std::bad_function_call exception raised in dispatchDecidePolicyForNavigationAction.
 - Fix downloads of data URLs.
 - Fix runtime critical warnings when closing a page containing windowed plugins.
 - Fix several crashes and rendering issues.
 - Translation updates: French, German, Italian, Turkish.
 - Security fixes: [CVE-2015-7096](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-7096), [CVE-2015-7098](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-7098).

Thanks to all the contributors who made possible this release.