---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK+ Security Advisory WSA-2018-0004
permalink: /security/WSA-2018-0004.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **May 07, 2018**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2018-0004**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2018-4121](#CVE-2018-4121), [CVE-2018-4200](#CVE-2018-4200),
  [CVE-2018-4204](#CVE-2018-4204).


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK+.

* <a name="CVE-2018-4121" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-4121">CVE-2018-4121</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK+ before 2.20.0.
  * Credit to Natalie Silvanovich of Google Project Zero.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to
    arbitrary code execution. Description: Multiple memory corruption
    issues were addressed with improved memory handling.

* <a name="CVE-2018-4200" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-4200">CVE-2018-4200</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK+ before 2.20.2.
  * Credit to Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to
    arbitrary code execution. Description: A memory corruption issue was
    addressed with improved state management.

* <a name="CVE-2018-4204" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-4204">CVE-2018-4204</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK+ before 2.20.1.
  * Credit to Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro's Zero
    Day Initiative, found by OSS-Fuzz.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to
    arbitrary code execution. Description: A memory corruption issue was
    addressed with improved memory handling.


We recommend updating to the last stable version of WebKitGTK+. It is
the best way of ensuring that you are running a safe version of
WebKitGTK+. Please check our website for information about the last
stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK+ Security Advisories can be found at: 
[https://webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html)
