---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK 2.51.3 released!
---

This is a development release leading toward 2.52 series.

### What's new in the WebKitGTK 2.51.3 release?

 - Improve composition scheduling to avoid blocking waiting for tile painting.
 - Enable Pointer Events for touch input.
 - Building with Enchant 1.x is no longer supported,
   [Enchant](https://rrthomas.github.io/enchant/) 2.x is now always used for
   spell checking.
 - Moved WebRTC network access to the NetworkProcess, when using GstWebRTC.
   This requires [librice](https://github.com/ystreet/librice), and building with
   the CMake `USE_LIBRICE` option. When enabled, it is still possible to choose
   the older libnice-based implementation at runtime by setting the variable
   `WEBKIT_GST_DISABLE_WEBRTC_NETWORK_SANDBOX=1` in the environment.
 - Add support the
   [`XR_ANDROID_raycast` OpenXR extension](https://registry.khronos.org/OpenXR/specs/1.1/html/xrspec.html#XR_ANDROID_raycast)
   for [WebXR Hit Testing](https://immersive-web.github.io/hit-test/).
 - Add support to use super-tiled graphics buffers when running on Vivante GPUs.
   Currently setting `WEBKIT_SKIA_USE_VIVANTE_SUPER_TILED_TILE_TEXTURES=1` in the
   environment is needed to opt-in into using those.
 - Ensure that GStreamer is properly initialized before applying any multimedia
   handling quirks.
 - Fix `PointerEvent` behaviour for mouse events synthesized from touch inputs.
 - Fix drag-and-drop when dropping folders from a file manager into a web view.
 - Fix seeking and looping of media elements that set the `loop` property. 
 - Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

Thanks to all the contributors who made possible this release.
